
LMS User= shabirhabibi426gmailcom
LMS password=AYAVMQJhU-27

Zoom Id=  892 5658 9365
Zoom password= 843569






I'd love to keep in touch and learn more about the job opportunities.
 I came across your profile on LinkedIn, so I thought I'd connect with
 you to keep in touch and maybe bounce ideas off each other at some point in the future!






In fact, the ability to work under pressure is one of my strengths. I can handle a
 large number of tasks at the same time without getting tired, and I am always available to assi
st with any task, no matter how complex or challenging it may be.




Example answers to 'How do you work under pressure?'
There are a variety of ways to communicate that you work well under pressure. Use these examples
 answers to ‘How do you work under pressure?’ to guide your own responses:



How to answer 'How do you work under pressure?'
Follow these steps to successfully answer, ‘How do you work under pressure?’:

1. Think of how you handle stress
While working under pressure, you need ways to lower your stress levels.
 When crafting your response, think of what strategies you use to stay calm in high-pressure situations.
 For instance, you could share relaxation techniques like meditation or deep breathing.
 Likewise, you could discuss how your time management skills help you avoid stress.

2. Share a specific example
Think of a time you worked well under pressure. Perhaps it was when you had a tight deadline 
or an unexpected change to a project. Share how you managed to thrive under such circumstances 
and stay focused on your work. Use this example to prove that you can handle stressful situations.

Related
10 Reasons Your Team Is Stressed And How To Respond
3. Show how stress is a motivator
Employers ask you this interview question to learn how you work in stressful conditions. 
In your answer, you could take a positive spin and share how a little stress is actually motivating to you.
 Explain that when the stakes are high, you feel more driven and motivated to do a good job.





Example 1
Over the course of my career, I have learned to thrive while working under pressure. When I 
begin to feel stressed at work, I use a few strategies to help me stay focused. First, I learn to 
accept the situation. If I have a pressing deadline, I work to prioritize my most important tasks and
 get my work done. I find that being adaptable helps me handle pressure quite well. Another strategy 
I use is finding a positive mindset. I try to reframe every challenge as an opportunity. This helps me 
stay motivated and excited to try more difficult tasks.

Example 2
I work well under pressure. I’ve been in a variety of stressful roles and have learned to
 adapt to all kinds of situations. For instance, when I worked for the publication company, our dea
dlines were always changing. Oftentimes, we had less time than we initially planned for, which crea
ted quite tense situations. Instead of getting stressed, I focused on what I needed to do and prioritized 
my work. In fact, I shifted my thinking to make it seem like an exciting opportunity instead of an impossible 
challenge.


Example 3
Knowing how to work well under pressure came quickly to me in my career. Since I started
 out as a personal assistant, I learned how to separate my own emotions from a high-press
ure situation. By focusing on the task at hand and practicing self-care outside of working hours
, I found a way to handle even the most stressful circumstances. As I’ve progressed in my career, I
 continue to use such strategies along with using my time management skills to avoid many stressful 
situations in the first place. I find that this technique ha
s served me well and keeps me driven.










Tips for staying calm under pressure
If you find that your stress levels soar while you’re under pressure, then you need to find some ways to calm yourself
 In order to be honest in your interview, try these strategies the next time you’re feeling stressed:

Prioritize your work: 

Practice healthy habits:

Work on positive thinking: 

Find a work-life balance:

Discover your motivators: 


